linking between NB 01-08 & from manuscript to NB 01-08 (#173)
markovmodel/pyemma_tutorials: manuscript/manuscript.tex

Discrete jumps between the minima can be observed by visualizing the transformation of the first trajectory into these ICs (Fig.~\ref{fig:io-to-tica}d).
We thus assume that our TICA-transformed backbone torsion features describe one or more metastable processes.

> We demonstrate how to apply TICA, suggest how to interpret the projected coordinates and compare the results to other dimension reduction techniques in Notebook (02).

Reviewer: Have we in general omitted oxford commas from the manuscript? As long as it's consistent, all good.

Author: ```suggestion
We demonstrate how to apply TICA, suggest how to interpret the projected coordinates, and compare the results to other dimension reduction techniques in Notebook (02).
```

which can greatly facilitate the decomposition of our system into the discrete Markovian states necessary for MSM estimation.
Here, we use the $k$-means algorithm to segment the four dimensional TICA space into $k=75$ cluster centers.
The number of cluster centers has been chosen to optimize the VAMP-2 score in a manner identical to how the feature selection was carried out above,
which is shown in the showcase Notebook (00).

> A detailed comparison between different clustering techniques is provided in Notebook (02).

Reviewer: "among different clustering techniques" if more than 2 are compared

Author: only 2 are compared

We see that the predicted relaxation signal has a much larger amplitude for the nonequilibrium initialization,
making it more likely to be experimentally measurable.

> Besides a detailed demonstration of the above, Notebook (06) demonstrates how to compute J-couplings and dynamic fingerprints from MSMs.

Reviewer: "In addition to a detailed demonstration" ?

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to a detailed demonstration of the above, Notebook (06) demonstrates how to compute J-couplings and dynamic fingerprints from MSMs.
```

we explain how to deal with those in the tutorials (Notebook 00 and 02).

More details on how to model complex systems with the techniques presented here are described, e.g., by~\cite{plattner_protein_2015,plattner_complete_2017}.

> We further demonstrate the symptoms of difficult data situations and how to deal with them in Notebook (08).

Reviewer: "difficult data situations" sounds awkward to me.

Maybe:

"We further examine some symptoms that may indicate problematic or difficult datasets, and demonstrate how to deal with them ..." ?

Author: ```suggestion
We further examine some symptoms that may indicate problematic or difficult datasets, and demonstrate how to deal with them in Notebook (08).
```
